the socialist party
better known as the sp
is the party of lilian Marijnissen
she is 38 years old
fan of feyenoord and has 1 white shepherd laika
she also likes table tennis very much
ah nice tasty
oh yes Marijnissen made it difficult for me
but enough about table tennis
what does the sp
the party finds it especially important that the difference
between poor and rich people
becomes less big
that rich people make less money
and poor people
just a little more
also Want the sp
that people have more to say at work
in De Buurt and in the country
Lilian Marijnissen finds these points herself
very important
for children
and would not have a child in the Netherlands
have to live more in poverty
completely unnecessary
we are one of the richest countries in the world
the teachers in front of the class
would be much more
must have time and attention for the children
in the classroom
because that is so nice and good for education
we think it is important
that there is sufficient safety for all children
playground is
so we actually find
in every neighborhood built there
there must also be room for 1 safe playground
ohoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo